Release notes for Microsoft Edge extensions (#3665)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions/release-notes/index.md

---

> title: Release Notes for Microsoft Edge extensions [in new dir]

Author: ```suggestion
title: Release notes for Microsoft Edge extensions [in new dir]
```
global

---
title: Release notes for Microsoft Edge extensions
description: Enhancements and issues for the user experience (UX) at Partner Center and the Microsoft Edge Add-ons site.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: article
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.subservice: extensions
ms.date: 01/01/2026
---
# Release notes for Microsoft Edge extensions
<!-- https://aka.ms/EdgeAddonsReleaseNotes = \extensions\whats-new\released-features.md not the present file; the redir can handle -->

<!-- Edge versions and dates: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/deployedge/microsoft-edge-release-schedule#microsoft-edge-releases -->

The following updates have been deployed to production, addressing key issues and enhancements for the [Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/microsoftedge/) and Microsoft Edge Add-ons experience.

> **Detailed contents:**

Reviewer: I'm on the fence about adding the **Detailed contents** section in this article.
The most likely use case for visiting this page is to learn about the most recent changes to Partner Center. The more time passes, the longer this **Detailed contents** section will become, therefore making it longer and longer to reach the latest changes.

Unlike other reference docs articles, the sections that are lower down in it are, by nature, less interesting, because they aren't new anymore.
So, having them listed here doesn't make a lot of sense to me.

Have we thought of this alternative design:
* This page only contains the most recent changes (January 2026), and each change has its own h2 section (this way the **In this article** toc becomes useful).
* A second page, maybe called something like **Archived release notes** which contains all other past content, separated by month, just like here.

* [September 2021](#september-2021)
   * [Extension Analytics Dashboard on Microsoft Partner Center](#extension-analytics-dashboard-on-microsoft-partner-center)
* [August 2021](#august-2021)
   * [Add team members to your Partner Center account](#add-team-members-to-your-partner-center-account)
   * [Sign into Microsoft Partner Center using your GitHub account](#sign-into-microsoft-partner-center-using-your-github-account)
* [May 2021](#may-2021)
   * [Manage your extension submissions on Partner Center](#manage-your-extension-submissions-on-partner-center)
* [April 2021](#april-2021)
   * [Support for Manifest V3 extensions](#support-for-manifest-v3-extensions)
* [February 2021](#february-2021)
   * [Localization of extension listings at Microsoft Edge Add-ons](#localization-of-extension-listings-at-microsoft-edge-add-ons)
* [January 2021](#january-2021)
   * [Extension certification report link](#extension-certification-report-link)
* [See also](#see-also)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## January 2026
<!-- Edge 144 = Jan. 15, 2026 -->

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> #### Enhanced Status Indicators for Ongoing Processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enhanced status indicators for ongoing processes
```

Applies to other headers below. We need sentence casing.

* The progress bar for image asset uploads on **Store Listings** pages is now displayed inline, indicating real-time upload progress.

* Added progress indication for long page load operation

* The **Save Draft** button is disabled after a successful save on the **Store Listings** page.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Alerts & Banner Handling Enhancements

* The banners are more intuitive across pages.

* Success banners on the Store Listings page auto-dismiss after 5 seconds.

* Error and warning banners now specify exact field names with clear messaging.

* Image upload errors on the Store Listings page now provide clearer retry instructions.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### URL Validation & Security

* URL-related error messages have clearer wording. 

* Added unreachable URL detection for Long Description, Privacy Policy, and Support URL fields.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Miscellaneous Fixes

> * Users can now save captions while duplicating images on the Store Listings page.

Reviewer 2: Let's Change **Users** to **Developers**, since this is mostly for Developers.

if you agree.

> Bug Fixes

Reviewer 2: this didn't show up as separate Heading/Section: 
<img width="933" height="193" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c78c01d9-9b56-4a40-a0b5-276beb535807" />

* The progress bar for image asset uploads on **Store Listings** pages is now displayed inline, indicating real-time upload progress.

* Added progress indication when there's a long page load operation.

* The **Save Draft** button is now disabled (grayed out) after a successful save on the **Store Listings** page.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Better alerts and banners

* The banners are now more intuitive across pages.

   * Success banners on the **Store Listings** page are automatically dismissed after five seconds.

   * Error and warning banners now specify the exact field names, with clear messaging.

* Image upload errors on the **Store Listings** page now provide clearer _retry_ instructions.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## URL validation and security

* URL-related error messages have clearer wording. 

> * Unreachable URLs are now detected in the following fields:

Author: Check the labels and locations, of fields that have URL checking.

Rendered section:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/release-notes/?branch=pr-en-us-3665#url-validation-and-security

Fields are shown in Publish article sections:
* https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/publish/publish-extension#step-5-enter-properties-describing-the-extension
* https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/getting-started/manifest-format

The draft Doc:
<img width="582" height="46" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bca38603-7831-4cb6-bac8-87e859896ba9" />

@nitisharathi31 
@ deepak g
@G-u-r-j-e-e-t

Author: * **Description** field - probably correct, b/c is a long, free-form, AI-fillable field, and draft says Long Description field.

* **Privacy policy URL** field - probably correct, b/c draft says Privacy Policy field.

* **Support contact details** field - probably correct, b/c draft says Support URL field & [Publish](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions/publish/publish-extension#step-5-enter-properties-describing-the-extension) article says re: Support contact details field, "The URL to your support webpage, or the email address to contact your support team."

* The progress bar for image asset uploads on **Store Listings** pages is now displayed inline, indicating real-time upload progress.

* Added progress indication for a long page load operation.

* The **Save Draft** button is now disabled (grayed out) after a successful save on the **Store Listings** page.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Better alerts and banners

* The banners are now more intuitive across pages.

   * Success banners on the **Store Listings** page are automatically dismissed after five seconds.

   * Error and warning banners now specify the exact field names, with clear messaging.

* Image upload errors on the **Store Listings** page now provide clearer _retry_ instructions.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## URL validation and security

* URL-related error messages have clearer wording. 

> * Added "unreachable URL" detection for the following fields:

Reviewer 2: Not sure, lets stick to the wording shared as per the Doc, since that was reviewed by Nitisha and Deepak (Manager from Engineering)

> * Added "unreachable URL" detection for the following fields:

Reviewer: What about this:

```suggestion
* Unreachable URLs are now detected in the following fields:
```

> * Added "unreachable URL" detection for the following fields:

Author: changed lead-in to:
```
* Unreachable URLs are now detected in the following fields:

   * The **Description** field in the **Details for \<Language\>** page.

   * The **Privacy policy URL** field in the **Properties** page.

   * The **Support contact details** field in the **Properties** page.
```

   * The **Description** field in the **Details for \<Language\>** page.

   * The **Privacy policy URL** field in the **Properties** page.

   * The **Support contact details** field in the **Properties** page.

>    * The following fields continue to have "unreachable URL" detection:

Author: remove?
